Authentication:
		The process of confirming  user identity is called Authentication. 

    REST API Autnetocatopn security : 

		1. Basiec Auth 
			It is baseic, we endode user name and password in requestheader and  then server-side will validate the cridential in filter chain or intercepter

		2. Oauth 1
			The protocol uses signatire wich often is HMAC to comboned token nonce and other request based information 
			provides 2 tokens : Access and Refresh token
			Access token will expired soon but refresh token will get new access token
		
		4. JWT 
			Jason web token;  JWT has 3 sections : 
				 Header	
					It describes the token vontain methadata about 
					
				 payload (Claim)
							Who this person is ?
							What this person can access?
							When the token is expired
					
				 Signature 
					Hashcode to verify integrity of the token
	 
				var headers = base64URLencode(myHeaders);
				var claims = base64URLencode(myClaims);
				var payload = header + "." + claims;
				 
				var signature = base64URLencode(HMACSHA256(payload, secret));
				 
				var encodedJWT = payload + "." + signature;	 
				
				
				
				
				
3. OAuth 

 It is framework it is not token format 
 It details how multiple different roles, users in your system, server side apps like an API, and clients such
 as websites or native mobile apps, can authenticate with each other.
 
Roles : 
	Both applications and users can be one of the following:
	
	Resource Owner
	Resource Server
	Client Application
	Authorization Server	
	
Client Types
	A client is something that consumes your API. IT can be one of the following two types:

	Confidential
	Public
	
	
Client Profiles
	There are also client profiles specified by the framework, that describe the kind of application type. They can be:

	Web Application	
	User Agent
	Native
	
	
Authorization Grants
	An authorization grant is a set of permissions given by the resource owner to a client application. They can take the following forms:
	
	Authorization Code
	
	Implicit
	
	Resource Owner Password Credentials
	
	Client Credentials

Endpoints
	In order for all of us this to work the following endpoints are required:

	Authorization Endpoint
	Token Endpoint
	Redirection Endpoint
		


SAML 
Exchanging authentication and authorization data between security domains called SAML is as part of SSO


Difference between Authentoicationin REST and SOAP : 

WS-Security offers more protection than HTTPS would, and SOAP offers a richer API than REST
